doc: Event manager (#4826)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: include/event_manager.rst

.. code-block:: c

	/* Allocate event. */
	struct sample_event *event = new_sample_event(my_data_size);

	/* Write data to datafields. */
	event->value1 = value1;
	event->value2 = value2;
	event->value3 = value3;

	/* Write data with variable size. */
	memcpy(event->dyndata.data, my_buf, my_data_size);

	/* Submit event. */
	EVENT_SUBMIT(event);

After the event is submitted, the Event Manager adds it to the processing queue.
When the event is processed, the Event Manager notifies all modules that subscribe to this event type.

.. warning::

	Events are dynamically allocated and must be submitted.
	If an event is not submitted, it will not be handled and the memory will not be freed.

Modules
*******

Modules are separated source file that can subscribe to every defined event.
Each module can subscribe to multiple events, there is no any limitation.
An application can have as many modules as required.

Event manager provide API for subscribing modules to a specific events defined in the application.
If a module is subscribing to a specific event, its called listener.

> Every listener is identified by a unique name.

Reviewer: I think these two lines should be in line 52, and the line from the line 52 should go here.

Author: Won't do. Discussed offline.

        EVENT_LISTENER(sample_module, event_handler);
	EVENT_SUBSCRIBE(sample_module, sample_event);

The variable size data is accessed in the same way as the other members of the structure defining an event.

Event Manager extensions
************************

> Event Manager embeds additional features that could be helpful when debugging event-based applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Event Manager provides additional features that could be helpful when debugging event-based applications.
```

.. note::
	By default, all Event Manager events that are defined with an :c:struct:`event_info` argument are profiled.

.. note::
	:c:struct:`sample_event_info` is defined within :c:macro:`EVENT_INFO_DEFINE` macro.

> #. Use profiler scripts to profile the application. See :ref:`profiler` for more details.

Reviewer: Move the sentence to a new line.
